everybody welcome back northernlion
binding of issac let's go
why did it call The Binding of Isaac
there's 11 characters in it you ever
think about that probably not huh you
ever catch me outside how about that
okay well thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed the episode
fy8 pd-1 8xa we got three numbers in
there that's pretty good as we know from
the thing that I made up like two
episodes ago the numbers give the seed
its strength and the letters give this
seeded Zane so a three out of eight
strength at a five out of eight Zane you
know that's got potential means you
can't actually get you know an 8 out of
8 unless you had a gun character that
was both a number and a letter you know
that's not possible but I would allow it
if we got oh oh oh oh it's magic you
know oh it's gonna be one of those
episodes huh hmm oh that was a little
dicey there okay so well I'll sacrifice
a little bit come to this room that was
slightly dangerous but this ended up
actually working out fairly nicely for
us and considering we have placenta and
a little bit of row gauge P a little bit
of extra HP I wouldn't mind being able
to get to that fifth cent so we could
actually create a an arcade on the next
floor maybe get IV bag and start balling
out of control oh let's magic looking
for a bomb as well you got to tinted
rocks so one bomb might not even be
enough to take full advantage of that
but it's enough to it's enough to dream
there we go okay so our fifth set gives
us as good a chance as anything else we
just want one more bomb that we probably
will not get but honestly like a tax fly
right off the bed that could be our
three out of ten strengths or three out
of eight strengths sorry got very
confused there temporarily that is
perfectly decent for killing a lot of
these enemies so we'll leave the spear
at ours it's nicely we have the half
black heart at least to keep us in the
game here when it comes to a deal with
the devil purposes but you know last run
we it was too easy it's fine it's not
like I'm disappointed by the way the
last run when it was actually great but
we're due for maybe a little bit of
difficulty here and I wouldn't mind you
know some controlled difficulty with the
little Zayn head you know what I mean
like some notes of Zayn good good start
just walking into the fire to remove
like one of your biggest advantages so
these are good trinkets but curved horn
is the the one that's cheap amongst them
I think although I will say occasional
holy mantle has been very good
originally that's an item or a trinket I
guess I should say that I was somewhat
skeptical of cuz really odd you know I'd
rather have the real deal than the diet
holy mantle but the the truth of the
matter is that it's not really diet holy
mantle like a lot of the time it
actually hooks you up with that holy
mantle taste with none of the calories
dark bomb obviously like also fantastic
that's not a secret room I would have I
would have bet my life on it like a
Mumford & Sons song said Mumford & Sons
I don't know it's it's in the beard rock
category and I always associate that
with like you know Mumford & Sons and
Old Crow Medicine Show might not be
Mumford & Sons though
HP not what I was hoping for ooh this is
interesting I'll take a little delirium
even though I sort of hate it because
I'm a masochist in that department and
obviously I'll work towards the GAVI
transformation which we have not been
able to bring to fruition lately the run
is otherwise like really completely fine
mostly as a result of that curved horn
pickup admittedly but I would love to
get like a spirit heart and I realized
we squandered the last one but I would
like really love to get us beer at heart
the easiest way to do that without a
doubt is just to get like a couple of
red hearts and have dark bum pick them
up but we've made some snack rifice is
for the for the good of the team here
went down to our starting level of HP
just to just to pick up some weird deal
with the devil stuff and now it's time
for you know us to have dividends paid
sounds like a PlayStation 4 exclusive
dividends paid david cage has written a
game in which you play as a cyborg
banker but he's also on the inside he's
a whistleblower because he hates
corruption dividends paid you can choose
to seize the means of production you
could choose to keep your mouth shut and
Bank your you know one hundred and
twenty two million dollar bonus or you
could you know be a real person and be a
multi-layered and uncomplicated
individual I'm just oh it's a David cage
game you can only choose those two
anyway
I'm not anti David cage I'm actually I'm
Pro David cage because I've never played
a David cage game but I love the idea of
it and I think that's where I will
choose to stay for now unless Detroit
ends up being amazing in which code in
which case all uh I'd love to take a
look at I still need to play until dawn
that's like until dawn is my own
personal Everest because it highlights
the depth of my laziness where I'm like
I would love to play until dawn I think
that game is like a ten out of ten me
game from what I've seen which is
admittedly not that much because
I don't want to spoil it for myself and
I know it will never come to PC I'm just
too lazy to bring the ps4 from Kate's
office into the living room to play it
and I don't have a defense of myself I
can't say like yeah the shooter just
came out with it on PC like I understand
how the business works I just I wish I
wish I had the motivation to do this one
thing in particular I mean it's not like
I'm rushing to used all of our tees but
it's not like I'm just doing nothing
in the meantime like if anything I
didn't this is going to make me sound
like a better person than I am but my
life is sort of backwards and that I
work too much and then I have to budget
free time and force myself to do it as
ridiculous as that sounds but even then
like a lot of the time I'm like I'm
going to force myself to stop working
now so I can do my C++ homework you know
it's I'm like an I've become an anti
procrastinator in a way that might
actually be deleterious to my to my
well-being some mild extent at least but
I really should play until dawn
it looks like my sorta Jam okay good
damage with your flies here ever wonder
why this joke has to be one that already
exists I refuse to believe that this is
a northernlion original why do you call
there's no punch line why do you call
the zippered part of your jeans the fly
I don't understand well there's the
flight of the conchords joke they call
it a fly because it takes you up to
heaven but I I'm asking from a genuine
standpoint I almost feel Ellie if we're
going to take something we should take
everything I think the proper way to
handle this is this you take the shovel
you take spirit of the night and then
that actually gives you one extra spirit
heart so word we did that in the right
way even if we hadn't taken all of them
ooh we wouldn't have been in a better
position I don't like the clicker as far
as I'm concerned that's
that's out why do we call it a fly fly
does not refer to the button fly refers
to the flattened material covering the
opening or fastening of a garment the
term was originally used in England to
refer to the flap on a tent which flaps
or flies when the wind blows if not tied
down this is why the English language is
stupid because that makes perfect sense
but only in like the most idiotic
conceivable fashion hey I'm an alien
visiting from the planet Nebulon what's
that thing on your pants called a fly
I'm so confused by your human customs
isn't a fly a verb that you use when you
go up in the air oh yes you see we named
that thing after something that looks
similar on a completely different
apparatus and rather than come up with a
new name literally trillions of possible
combinations to put letters in the
English language into we just chose to
use another word that normally means
something completely different
all right well I will be dropping space
nukes on you now thank you so much for
your brevity enjoy cosmic in existence
so I took another fly here basically for
Beelzebub but it's actually in hindsight
not really very smart because we can
already fly which is the best part of
the elves above the best part of the
house the bub
soldiers in yup
you know people make fun of that slogan
but I think it might be true
not Folgers like but I think the best
part of waking up is coffee Oh unless
you're waking up and you're like in a
hotel that has a breakfast buffet in
which case the best part of waking up is
the breakfast buffet no flippin doubt
but like obviously like on a non-ironic
level the actual best part of waking up
is like wow another day
you know to enjoy this beautiful planet
if you're in a position to enjoy it at
least you know I know I'm not going to
say that everybody's always happy when
they wake up but you know I'm like when
I wake up I am imagine there is sort of
an implicit thought that's like sweet
I'm not dead and then it's like I could
really use some coffee those are the two
big ones those are the two human
emotions I don't know if I want to buy a
spirit heart I was kind of over
something a little bit more robust in
there those are the big ones for me at
least like that in like there's like the
Holy Trinity is sweet I'm not dead well
I've got cold brew coffee concentrate in
the fridge I can mix into a cup of
coffee and have inside of my body within
the next 45 seconds and oh my god we got
takeout yesterday and we didn't eat it
all so there's like cold takeout in the
fridge that I can eat for breakfast
that's my perfect morning I'm a weird
cold food boy not afraid to admit it
this why wouldn't people suggest that
I'm still a picky eater because I go
like oh I don't think you should eat a
whole bag of potato chips for dinner
every night they go onl you're a snob
but like in college I got used to it
like I would go out for dinner with my
parents you know a couple times a month
usually because I went to university in
the same hometown that I that I grew up
in although I lived off off parents I
mean I lived off my parents as well
which I'm very grateful for but I also
lived away from them during that time
period anyway the point is um you know
we go out for like Thai food or
something like that and then the next
day I would just eat the cold like
bamboo shoots rice noodles whatever it
is man and I'd be the happiest person in
the world people go oh yeah oh and cold
food cold pizza and I not
cold pizza as like stage zero when
you're eating like cold spaghetti which
obviously is alive because I don't even
really like spaghetti but you know when
you're eating cold pasta that's how you
know when you're eating a you know just
a hunk of raw Swiss Chalet chicken then
you got left in the refrigerator
please just stop this that's actually a
very worthwhile health upgrade that's
why I think like Twitter is for babies
like myself included but um you know
people are like they'll have debates
like cold pizza is it okay and I'm like
I mean biologically is 100 percent okay
and then people go I mean I realize this
is also my brand quote-unquote because
of the NL SS but you know they're like
if you had pineapple on a pizza it's
sacrilege the creator of having
pineapple on pizza said that grabbin
pineapple on Pisa was bad and then he
died you're like okay well here's the
thing I'm just going to enjoy the thing
that I enjoy I will argue with you about
the absurdity of it like when we talk
about someone's like oh my favorite
sandwich is like a grilled cheese
sandwich on a PITA I would be like you
got to tell me more about the way you
live your life because it's absurd and I
want to know from a place from a human
curiosity level I want to know why
you're eating grilled cheeses on a PITA
that's very strange maybe you're onto
something probably not but tell me more
whenever someone's like you know Gordon
Ramsay doesn't like pineapple on a pizza
I'm like this I'm never gonna eat pizza
with gordon ramsay gordon ramsay is not
the inventor of food is it you realize
dude is boring like 1960 there was food
before that people were making you know
a ham and bananas hollandaise serving it
at their Tupperware parties I don't care
what Gordon Ramsay thinks of pizza
people is not an English food to begin
with I'm not saying it's a Canadian food
either I'm just saying you know it's
like hey mmm Gordon Ramsay what's
acceptable in a pad thai uh chicken and
bananas Gordon Randy you're not from
Thailand you don't get to be an
authority on all foods just because it's
all I know I understand I like Gordon
Ramsay to begin with spend far too much
money in one of his steak houses one
time in my defense it was my money but
part of it had come from Amazon so it's
okay but it's people are like look
exhibit a pineapples not okay on a pizza
what I will say and I say this is
someone who probably my most consumed
pizza in the last five years is Hawaiian
which is the Canadian Pizza has ham and
pineapple on it but anyway there are
some times I don't like pineapple on a
pizza canned pineapple on a pizza is
like a little too sweet if it's it
doesn't and I don't mean that it has to
be like good freshest organic pineapple
but something about like sometimes you
order like a pineapple pizza and you're
like this is literally like from a can
of pineapple that was in syrup this is
weird
ish but anyway I digress my opinion on
the pizza argument of pineapple on a
pizza is that you should get whatever
you like and if you're being like a
fascist about pizza ingredients you can
buy your own freakin pizza okay that's
the thing like if we're if there's two
of us let's say there's like four people
two of them want pineapple two of them
don't and they're all trying to decide
on one pizza and one group is like we
you can't have olives on a pizza is that
they don't like them it's like you can't
have them it's not a real pizza
it doesn't belong even though this pizza
place has been in business for 82 years
is their top seller doesn't belong then
you know what or your own pepperoni
pizza you freaking baby I'll tell you
what babe I'll pick up the pineapple
pizza tab you and I can enjoy it
together we seem like kindred spirits
you guys enjoy your well I only would
like pizza with the garlic bread
crust can we get but I only like it's
like the one of us always lives one of
us always tells the truth meme trying to
give these fascists to order pizza
together one of its only locks original
hand tossed crust and one of us only
lots of deep dish calling the the
hostage negotiator
can we all agree just one step forward
we all want tomato sauce yeah but like a
pesto can be good just come on me me in
the middle here I'm a mediator not a
meat eater just not a good joke for one
but anyway alright we're close to death
but we have a respawn that's great so we
actually at this point and especially
with an eternal heart existing I think
we should just you know bow out and and
let ourselves respawn as dark Judas so I
mean I actually worked out kind of
nicely even though I didn't mean to die
right there and this run is actually
it's kind of a I haven't talked about it
in like three floors here but it's a
little bit of a dangerous run of an
archetype at least it's a dangerous
archetype of a run and I say that
because it tricks you into thinking
you're completely set but we're probably
completely set long term in the short
term variants could put us in a bad spot
if I play badly take some bad damage
before duck bum can get us up to you
know like eight spirit hearts anything
could happen
but you know we're already at four
spirit arts and effectively in five HP
so we're we're closing in on being very
very strong here and this is the depth
to like these have been easy runs today
easy runs and very very fast so I
shouldn't be too perturbed I think
misplaced but it's fine
it's only like a 25% chance of getting a
spirit heart out of it anyway and
unlikely to matter uh you don't really
care about the IV bag anyway that's a
there's a couple discussions that like I
think even with the perfect NL SS
loadout they've just overstayed their
welcome and it's hard to talk about now
one of them is deli counter etiquette
admittedly and I'm guilty of bringing
that up more often I should another one
is is blank of sandwich now that it's
become a Reno me meme it's just like I
get these tweets people send me like you
know is a piece of bread on the top of
the earth at the North Pole at a piece
of the bread at the bottom of the earth
of the South Pole of bread or an earth
sandwich and I don't honestly I don't
care ok we've crossed that line I'm more
interested in discussing the differences
between us like for example one I'm so
attached to the idea of being an adult
and wide you know Rob cooks five-star
meals and then serves them on paper
plates and then argue that that's
objectively the right choice because
doing the dishes takes ten seconds the
diffic because I kind of see you I think
you go for it the reason I make fun of
that is because I see my younger self in
that to be honest with you it's it's
serving all your meals on paper plates
is the epitome of like work smart not
hard but for impotent reasons it's just
it's it's more valuable on I feel like a
level and you may disagree with me on
this and that as such as your right to
get used to doing a chore that takes
five minutes if you do it every day then
it is to come up with a bad way to
circumvent it that is also harmful for
the environment but anyway that's like
another aside that makes it almost too
real but you get the idea
all right that's more of what I'm
interested I don't care about food
classification that's why I always want
a description of ingredients when I
order food it's like a ham sandwich I'm
like you know what I'm good but I
understand what that means what that
implies at least I don't care you know
our pizza has you know croissants on it
I'll be like that's weird I've never had
a pizza with croissants on it but I'm
not brave enough to suggest that it
should not be okay
maybe your croissant Pizza is actually
fantastic you freakin weirdo
that's that's my two cents Larry Larry
King anyway
food classification is boring I'm you
know what's interesting to me is like I
was at the grocery store the other day
and I was trying to think of where I
would expect to find batteries at a
grocery store and it like the truth of
the situation is that I just I was like
they're gonna be near the front
somewhere we have like a built in from
we're not built in like from birth but
from being in the grocery store enough
if you asked me where I would expect to
find an item I have never purchased in
the grocery store I think I could
pinpoint it to within one or two aisles
it's like we have a grocery store neural
network in our own brains that just
tells us where we would exist we would
expect to be expecting to find a food
like if you were like where can I find
jasmine rice I would be like oh that's
got to be in the international foods
aisle or possibly the bulk section but
you know where would I find tampons oh
that well I mean obviously that's in
either the pharmacy or the hygiene
aisles I'm trying to think of an example
that's a little bit better but sometimes
like a look at grocery lists
my wife has placed something on there
that I've never purchased at a grocery
store before you'd be amazed how easy it
is to find most of the time I thought
batteries were a good example it was
like I expect them to be over here and
you know where they were they were over
there I the same thing should apply but
doesn't when it comes to finding a
bathroom at a restaurant I don't know if
anybody else has this exact same like
situation that happens whenever I'm in a
restaurant I have to go to the bathroom
it's like I'm Indiana Jones is a quest
for the crystal throne the porcelain
throne you know I'm going around like
you know Tonto Steph only okay done said
on that's the broom closet done said I'm
dumb hey guys keep up the good work
didn't mean accidentally go into your
kitchen Denton and out the back door
round the corner there's a shared
bathroom in the hotel that's attached to
the dining room
no it's it's not always confusing but
it's always like confusing in a new
restaurant go in you go where's the
bathroom sometimes they're like oh
they're nice and they say it's back
there there's this one place we ate at
in Seattle once we ask where the
bathroom was and they're like you have
to leave the restaurant and then there's
like a code for this door and you open
it up and then you take the elevator up
to the second floor and there's the
bathroom it was a sushi restaurant that
shared its locale with a like a boutique
hotel or something like that and I got
you
there's a bathroom on the public
bathroom on the second floor of the
hotel is not only a health code
violation or something I'm just throwing
it out there I was not having an
emergency at the time but if I were I
would have been very displeased about
the situation at hand oh you gotta take
Capricorn and I think that worked out
probably for the best so that we could
have enjoyed having mom's wig as well
I'm not saying the restaurant should be
shut down I'm just saying like I thought
that was like one of the things yeah
even if you go into like a like a little
15 square foot taco stand it's like
there's got to be a bathroom I don't
know that's true actually there's like
pop-up falafel carts and stuff like that
in Vancouver and they don't have
bathrooms at least not for public use
which is fair but I will take you to as
far as I'm concerned ship the route
Cheers you know six of one half a dozen
of the other both very useful we're
probably not gonna fight hush on this
one and the reason for that is very
simple I fought hush on the last run no
let's go shears is more fun we fought a
hush on the last one and it was fine but
I have an excuse so we've done our hush
quota I haven't been doing as many
dailies lately um because I don't know
if I'm kind of phasing out dailies like
I like dailies but I think that they are
less well-liked than
then nan Daly's not by a ton necessarily
but but by the majority I believe so if
we're only going to be doing one Isaac
episode a day you know from from some
point onwards in the in the not so
distant future
oh yeah used to not doing dailies and
you know it does it atrophies your
competitive skill and Isaac a little bit
but you know that's fine
I'm not Jaromir Jagr not going to be
playing you know speedrunning Isaac when
I'm 50 probably although I've said
expressions like that before and then
the time has come and gone I'm still
playing this game so it's possible
that'll bite me in the butt at some
point in the future we'll see I
understand it as well by the way I'm not
an eSports athlete on quote so I'm I'm
you're here for the commentary for the
most part I think is what I'm trying to
suggest so I think the commentary tends
to be better in these episodes you get a
little glimpse through the slicin
northern lions life that's okay it's
it's a good thing to reveal my psychosis
we should have taken this in here just
in case it's perthro but assuming you
know what actually buy them both be be
risky we're going to find a use for Plan
C
giving us +1 damage he's done it that's
how you do it boys and girls
+1 damage for free nice new character
I'm trying out he's called the world's
most annoying dude you'd be stupid not
to buy a car it's free money anyway so I
guess it's just just guy who's wrong
about things
even you're more annoying than that I
don't know where I'm taking this
character that's the thing the character
we did done the NL SS on Thursday was
probably like maybe two Thursday's ago
now this you know back login situation
but like I I see who's really like no
longer counterculture especially good
because I don't really know how to do an
iced tea impression but everyone in chat
told me it wasn't that bad at least hits
the notes you know I see but instead of
you know being a cop killer
he's like Millennials have to pull
themselves up by the bootstraps that's
what I did they could buy a house if
they stopped buying so much avocado
toast and going a little hard on the
ice-t Lisp I know that's part of the
that's part of the character but it's
going too far maybe you could afford a
house as you stopped buying so many
frappuccinos and said I'm working on it
at least it needs it needs a straight
man for that for that bit to work I
think because otherwise it just becomes
like almost like a little too real
there's no there's no like it doesn't
get bounced into absurdity it just
becomes the ramblings of of a crazy
person effectively dude come on though
no no deal with the devil I was ready to
go over the top here like Sylvester yeah
like Sylvester Stallone in their movie
we're both part of the greatest
generation I see you're not part of the
characterized version of ice-t you're
not part of the greatest generation
that's the people who fought in the
Second World War yeah I did that see now
I'm starting to just wonder if this
guy's okay yeah well you've gone a
little too far now Northern Line is kind
of like we had Jeff Dunham bit but
without the puppet and also this is now
a Mike Tyson impression but not a very
good one kind of lost the plot there but
that's okay
you know it's the second video of the
day so you should swear things start to
deteriorate
hey what's poppin on suits room doesn't
bother me in the least I mean we're
pretty much meld very good to go as long
as we get enough red hearts to keep
ourselves stocked on dark bum pickups an
expression that doesn't really make that
much sense but it's getting this job
done are we looking for any we don't
watch you do because we've already had
sugar Lupin we rebuked it to stick with
the shears which actually I think it's
working out just fine as you would might
as you would expect and we should have
taken this year's like I think we made
the right decision there if only because
the shears is probably roughly as great
but much rarer like shoopdawhoop
probably shows up like once every four
runs the shears by virtue of the fact
that it is not an item or a drop that
you can get from a boss is a little bit
on the rarer side although not like
unseen of course thank you thank you
three of the same pill now that's where
things start to interest me they're all
speed downs oh wow that was a sign well
you know what thanks a lot
you've helped me appreciate what I got
the paved paradise and put up a parking
lot I'm a sound bite Edmund and then put
away the - speed I don't care about that
song my pace leave me the mmm
DPS play he saw that's a big way okay
that was almost a catastrophe people
were almost entertained by me dying on
the void which I do not accept curse of
the blind huh so this means for sure
cursed I closed curse of the tower
actually we got like four amazing items
sad bombs mightor Tech X and Deadshot we
Deadeye
I'm not exaggerating I think that's
pretty close to a 10 out of 10 as far as
as far as chest items can go every
single one of them has like merit sad
bombs is kind of not as good because of
tech X but apart from that like this is
kind of ridiculously amazing a black
rune I don't know hey we should pick it
all up is they could be luck upgrades
no luck upgrades whatsoever
I'm not mad just uh just disappointed of
course two more spirit ups okay we're
officially in like can't lose territory
I wouldn't mind like homing tears would
did infamy just protect us or something
there wouldn't mind like homing tears
but we're going to win regardless also
like an increased rate of fire could be
cool but we're almost at like tap
shooting coin anyway
Bob's curse is fine Yara we should use
to like double our next chest and then
we're hoping these are both actives how
she's not an active but we do have a
good reason to use black rune although
it screwed our Yara up and gave us a
range upgrade look who we got our range
on now more like a range upgrade because
I just traded a year of room for
something completely worthless to me
but dude the gods of Isaac have been
very kind
today I've done two runs and the first
run was brimstone mom's knife on like a
super stack Maggie run and then this one
kinda lost a plot a little bit around
like the depths but still went extremely
fast and also gave me a good chance to
make a second life as dark Judas which
you know you don't always get second
chances in life so I really respect and
appreciate that they hooked me up here
hey wise cannot do anything for us so
yeah you know what's your comment of the
day for this episode is very easy what
is and isn't okay on a pizza if you
answer this question honestly you're
banned for my comment section forever
let people enjoy pizza it's like one of
the few beautiful things left on this
planet its customizable its pizzas like
culinary jazz man however you like it
that's the best way oh I'm with you
whenever people go you know I I love
steak I eat a lot of rib eyes you know
they're $15 each and then I cook them
until there is no light can escape from
them because they become a black hole
you know I'm not into that I think
you're wasting a good cut of meat but it
is you're right but Pete signs of tax
treat should feel like I put poop on my
pizza that's obviously illogical extreme
but anyway Oh
[Music]
laughs thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode we did click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching your support helps out a great
deal it sincerely does and I'll see you
next time
[Music]